#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
JinSoul: We've changed our clothes three times.
JinSoul: And I heard it's our last outfit for MV shootign!
Kim Lip: Lip!
JinSoul: Soul~
Choerry: Rry~!
(Finally they look a little tired...)
Cross! Fighting!
(The MV shooting for [Girl Front] is done!)
JinSoul: A shooting schedule in LA is done
Choerry, Kim Lip: Great work, everyone!
Kim Lip: I feel relieved to finish the work but...
Kim Lip: Also I'm a bit sad...
Choerry: Right...
JinSoul: Feeling sad and disappointed...
JinSoul: Hey, our fans!
Choerry: Fans!
KIm Lip: Hi!
JinSoul: As you see, we put
Choerry: A lot of effort~
Kim Lip: into shooting the music video!
JinSoul: So we hope you put
Choerry: More effort
Kim Lip: Into looking forward to it!
(This is ODD EYE CIRCLE's way to restore energy!)
(This is not the end of LOOΠΔ TV!)
'See you!'